feat: sign user op and send raw user op methods added to smart account client (#486)
alchemyplatform/aa-sdk: site/packages/aa-core/smart-account-client/actions/buildUserOperationFromTx.md

# buildUserOperationFromTx

> A Promise containing the _unsigned_ UO struct converted from the input transaction with all the middleware run on the resulting UO

Reviewer: This sounds like it describes the return type.. but this section is the description of the method. I think it was ok before, but with a fix:
 ```suggestion
Converts a traditional Ethereum transaction and builds an _unsigned_ `UserOperation` (UO) struct with all of the middleware run on it through the middleware pipeline.
```

4.  `paymasterMiddleware` -- used to set paymasterAndData. (default: "0x")
5.  `customMiddleware` -- allows you to override any of the results returned by previous middlewares

> Note that among all the transaction request object fields available, only `to`, `data`, `value`, `maxFeePerGas`, and `maxPriorityFeePerGas` fields are used to extract the user operation calldata from the input transaction and build the corresponding user operation struct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that of all of the transaction request object fields available, only `to`, `data`, `value`, `maxFeePerGas`, and `maxPriorityFeePerGas` fields are used to extract the user operation calldata from the input transaction and build the corresponding user operation struct.
```
